Add `ABC` avoidance (and line length) to style guide (#160)
beeware/beeware-docs-tools: src/beeware_docs_tools/shared_content/en/contribute/style/code-style-guide.md

### Things to avoid

We try to avoid `utils` modules as much as possible, with the understanding that sometimes they are unavoidable. The preferred alternative is to find somewhere for the feature elsewhere in the source code, instead of using a `utils` module.

> Declaring an abstract base class as formally inheriting from [`ABC`](https://docs.python.org/3/library/abc.html) (and decorating abstract methods with `@abstractmethod`) introduces a small but nonzero runtime overhead from enforcing that subclasses implement the necessary methods. Therefore, we only do so for base classes intended to be subclassed by users; for internal use, there's no need to inherit from `ABC`, and abstract methods should raise `NotImplementedError` instead of being decorated.

Reviewer: This reads oddly enough that it took me a few tries to grasp. It still took me a few iterations to sort anything that did sound correct. I would suggest changing it somehow, but the following doesn't have to be how.

```suggestion
Declaring an abstract base class as formally inheriting from [`ABC`](https://docs.python.org/3/library/abc.html) (and decorating abstract methods with `@abstractmethod`) introduces a small but nonzero runtime overhead resulting from ensuring that subclasses implement the necessary methods. Therefore, we only do so for base classes intended to be subclassed by users; for internal use, there's no need to inherit from `ABC`, and abstract methods should raise `NotImplementedError` instead of being decorated.
```
